feat: add az func request tracking (#383)
arcus-azure/arcus.webapi: docs/preview/03-Features/logging-azure-functions.md

> The `AzureFunctionsExceptionHandlingMiddleware` class can be added to the Azure Functions worker pipeline to log unhandled exceptions that are thrown during request processing.

Reviewer: I see it is already mentionned in the title, but should we put an additional 'warning' block here that specifies that this is only applicable for isolated Azure Functions ?

Author: Fine by me 👍

Author: Worth noting is that this functionality will not be even showing in in-process Azure Functions as those ones don't have middleware, so they will never come in contact with it. But I'll add a warning just in case.

Reviewer: > Worth noting is that this functionality will not be even showing in in-process Azure Functions as those ones don't have middleware, so they will never come in contact with it. But I'll add a warning just in case.

I think the warning in the documentation is very helpful, as it is possible that ppl will be wondering 'where is that extension method', while working on a non-isolated project.  The 'warning' might then give them an 'aha erlebnis'.

{
    app.UseExceptionHandling<MyExceptionHandlingMiddleware>();
});
```

## Logging incoming requests
The `AzureFunctionsRequestTrackingMiddleware` class can be added to the Azure Functions worker pipeline to log any incoming HTTP requests.

> The requests are tracked with [Arcus Observability](https://observability.arcus-azure.net/Features/writing-different-telemetry-types#incoming-http-requests-in-azure-function-http-trigger) so that they will show up as requests in Application Insights, when the application is using [Arcus Application Insights Serilog sink](https://observability.arcus-azure.net/Features/sinks/azure-application-insights).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requests are tracked with [Arcus Observability](https://observability.arcus-azure.net/Features/writing-different-telemetry-types#incoming-http-requests-in-azure-function-http-trigger) so that they will show up as requests in Application Insights when the application is using [Arcus Application Insights Serilog sink](https://observability.arcus-azure.net/Features/sinks/azure-application-insights).
```

Tracking a HTTP request will look like this in the logs:
`HTTP Request POST http://localhost:5000/weatherforecast completed with 200 in 00:00:00.0191554 at 03/23/2020 10:12:55 +00:00 - (Context: [Content-Type, application/json], [Body, {"today":"cloudy"}])`

### Usage
To use this middleware component, add the following line to your startup code:
```csharp
using Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting;

public class Program
{
    public static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        IHost host = new HostBuilder()
            .ConfigureFunctionsWorkerDefaults(builder =>
            {
                builder.UseRequestTracking();
            })
            .Build();
    
        host.Run();
    }
}
```

### Configuration
The middleware component can be configured to influence the behavior of the HTTP request tracking. This ranges from including HTTP request/response bodies, specifying which routes should be tracked, filtering HTTP request headers, and more.
To learn more about these options, see [the configuration section at the general Web API page](./logging.md) as these options are identical for Azure Functions HTTP triggers and Web API's.

### Customization

> Optionally, the middleware component can be extended even further by inheriting from the `AzureFunctionsRequestTrackingMiddleware` class. This allows full control over the sanitation process of the HTTP request/response body and HTTP request headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, the middleware component can be extended even further by inheriting from the `AzureFunctionsRequestTrackingMiddleware` class. This allows full control over the sanitization process of the HTTP request/response body and HTTP request headers.
```

Author: Hihi, was probably not adding this in vscode where I have a spell check. Thx!

The following example shows how a custom implementation makes sure that a specific header is not entirely excluded but is redacted from the HTTP request tracking.
```csharp
public class RedactedRequestTrackingMiddleware : AzureFunctionsRequestTrackingMiddleware
{
    public RedactedRequestTrackingMiddleware(RequestTrackingOptions options) : base(options)
    {
    }

    protected override IDictionary<string, StringValues> SanitizeRequestHeaders(IDictionary<string, StringValues> requestHeaders)
    {
        var  headerName = "X-Private-Client-Id";
        if (requestHeaders.TryGetValue(headerName, out StringValues value))
        {
            requestHeaders[headerName] = "<redacted>";
        }
    }
}
```

> > 💡 Note that the custom middleware also has an constructor overload to pass-in additional options so you can benefit also from custom defined options that alter the behavior of your custom sanitization process in your custom middleware component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 Note that the custom middleware also has a constructor overload to pass-in additional options that allow you to customize the sanitization process in your custom middleware component.
```

Author: Great edit!
